PP-426/review-documentation (#1)
franciscotobar/devportal: guides/rif-relay/smart-wallets.md

permalink: /guides/rif-relay/smart-wallets/
---

> This guide is intended for testing purposes and we will be using additional testing contracts that were included in the project, like the TestToken(ERC20). All the utils scripts are executed from the account[0] from the regtest blockchain. 

Reviewer: I don't think this is true for the whole guide. I think that the SW deployment and usage is the same regardless of the network we use. Unless I'm missing something, just the `TestToken` usage is for testing purposes only.

Author: updated

## Pre-Requisites

* Follow the deployment process in [Deployment Guide](/guides/rif-relay/deployment).
* The defintion of the smart wallet can be found in [Architecture](/rif/relay/architecture/#smart-wallet)

## RIF Relay SDK

> The SDK was developed to interact with a dapp and simplify the process of interacting with RIF Relay. The process to create an instance of RIF Relay SDK can be found [RIF Relay SDK](/guides/rif-relay/integrate#rif-relay-sdk).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SDK was developed to simplify the interaction between dapps and RIF Relay. For further details about the SDK usage, please refer to the [related guide](/guides/rif-relay/integrate#rif-relay-sdk).
```

Author: updated

1. **Regular transaction:** The Requester (or another account on behalf of the Requester) calls the Proxy Factory asking to get a new Smart Wallet. Therefore the Proxy Factory creates a proxy to the SmartWallet code, delegating the ownership to the Requester.
2. **Sponsored:** It needs to go through the RIF Relay process, which is described in detail below. The requester asks a third party to pay for the Smart Wallet deployment, and the requester pays in tokens for that (or free if it is subsidized by the third-party, a.k.a, Sponsor).

> ## Send funds

Reviewer: We should specify that this part may be useful for testing purposes and only if the developers want to use the ERC20 token included in the project

Author: updated

In the [RIF Relay Contracts](https://github.com/rsksmart/rif-relay-contracts) there is a script that would help us to send funds using the `account[0]` from Regtest.

We need to execute the following script:

```
npx truffle exec --network regtest tasks/mint.js --amount 50000000000000000000 --tokenReceiver <ADDRESS>
```
> The token that wold be sent is the Test Token that was deployed. 

## Deploy a Smart Wallet

To deploy a smart wallet we need to follow some steps that will be described below:

1. We need to generate the smart wallet address. As we mention before the Smart Wallet is a contract-based account, therefore, we can generate as many as we want without spending gas by calling the `generateSmartWallet` from the SDK. 
> A Smart Wallet only needs to be deployed when we need to execute a transaction. The deployment process use gas so we need to pay or it can subsidized.

> At this point we should have the SDK object created and being called from a dApp. 

Reviewer: Should we include here both the SDK and client code (e.g.: using a (basic/low level approach))?
Do you think there are things can be specified only using the client?

Author: I think that there could be multiple approach, using the client since, we need to include the way that the requests are build and explain about each field. We could include this, that will provide a better understanding from the flow.
